Update README.md (#281)
iptv-org/awesome-iptv: README.md

- [Matrix Broadcasting System](http://matrixbroadcasting.com/) - A unique no downloads, no signups, no ads way of watching your favorite streams, supports local and remote m3u and m3u8 playlists.
- [IPTV RestreamHub](https://github.com/antebrl/IPTV-Restream) - A comprehensive solution for synchronized IPTV watching (Watch2Gether), restreaming, proxying connection-limited playlists, and combining or sharing playlists seamlessly.
- [IPTVPLAY](https://iptvplay.stream/en) - A simple web based IPTV player.

> - [IPTVPlayer.stream](https://iptvplayer.stream/) - a Web based M3U/IPTV player, Ads free, supports local and remote m3u and m3u8 playlists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [IPTVPlayer.stream](https://iptvplayer.stream/) - A free web-based IPTV stream player that lets you import, manage, and stream IPTV playlists directly in your browser.
```

> - [IPTVPlayer.stream](https://iptvplayer.stream/) - a Web based M3U/IPTV player. Ads free, supports local and remote m3u and m3u8 playlists. Supports formats like HLS, MP4 and DASH.

Reviewer: > - the description should consist of one sentence

https://github.com/iptv-org/awesome-iptv?tab=readme-ov-file#contribution
